Jesus face in a bread - normal 2s count as holy face cards

humility - cards with ranks under 5 grant twice their value in soul power

crusader - playing holy cards turn them into unholy cards of 1 rank higher

Ugly child - cards under rank of 5 are cast out. Grows up after playing 7 hands

Insecure teenager - cards under rank of 5 give -2 hand power. Grows up after playing 5 hands

Aspiring adult - face cards give +2 hand power and +2 soul power. Grows up after playing 7 hands

Happy grown-up - all cards give +10 hand power, +10 soul power and +0.1 multiplier

cabinet whisky - 1 in 5 chance to replay a move. gives 0-50 hand power

color television - +0.2multiplier for every suit in hand

calculus class - 1 in 3 chance to add an e of random suit to your deck when playing a hand. multiplier's power is raised by 0.025 for every e rank card

Clover - each 4 increases likelihoods by 0.5 of their base amount

Suicide king - If you would lose the game while your hand has a king of hearts, destroy it and gain thrice the bet amount. One time use.

86'd - Winning hand with 8 and 6 skips the rest of the round and gives you double the soul shards 

Five card Charlie - If your hand contains 5 cards, draw 5 cards to the side hand

Nature - If you hit at most 2 times, double your hand power, soul power and multiplier

Soft serve - Aces with value of 11 retrigger their effects

pension - Half of all sourshards are instead added to this memory, multiplied by 2

Ace up the sleeve - Aces in the side hand are retriggered once

Ace in the hole - Aces in the played hand are retriggered once

garlic bread - cards do not trigger any suit-related effects. Aces give 2x soul power (Picture of x eating garlic bread with Black and white ace rings)

printer

training bench - +1 permanent hand power after playing 1 card. This requirement increases by 1 everytime it is triggered.

shopping cart - +1 permanent soul power after buying 6 items

promotion - all played face cards have 1 in 5 chance to increase their rank by 1

#Because viper has scales kek
Viper - Any time a memory would permanently increase its value, this gains x0.25 permanent multiplier instead

slow code - All permanent value memories trigger their value increases twice

octave - +8 permanent hand power when a permanent value is added to a memory 8 times
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_(music)

crazy 8s - played 8s change their suit to all

reminder - copies the effect of the last memory

brain fog - at the start of a round, gain permanent +0.2 multiplier and disable a random memory until the end of the round.
syndra
10 out of 10. After playing a hand, add a copy of all played 10s to your deck.

#Your strong suit
Expertise - every card that has your most common suit gives x1.5 soul power

:33333333333333333333333333 - if you have exactly 3 memories, all 3s give x3 mult 3 times

Each card gives +1 handpower for every card in hand

When you sell a memory, instead of gaining soul shards permanently increase soul power by its sell value

Increase soul power by x0.1 when you visit a new magician

all played face cards increase their rank by 1

love - all hearts give + 2 hand power

wealth - all diamonds give + 2 hand power

power - all clubs give + 2 hand power

diligence - all spades give + 2 hand power

adventure - all stars give + 5 hand power

increase multiplier by x1.25. 1 in 10 chance to permanently make this memory trigger an additional time.



LUST
Hearts are triggered twice
random card in played hand changes its suit to hearts
If the played hand does not contain the hearts suit, it busts

GLUTTONY



PRIDE
Cards of star suit give +5 soul power. Star suit is more common in booster packs
Star suit is more common in booster packs
Every time a card triggers a memory effect, lose a soul shard

GREED
Player receives 10% of their bet soul shards on winning a hand.
Clearing rounds gives twice the soul shard amount. Items in store cost twice as much.
Player must bet at least half of their current sould shard amount

SLOTH
using less than 5 actions on a hand earns an extra 5 soul shards
player cannot buy anything from the store, but gets 3 soul shards after each round
Player cannot press action buttons more than thrice

WRATH
You get an extra round of card burner
The right-most card in your played hands are destroyed
Any card taken from booster packs has 1 in 5 chance to be destroyed

ENVY


Only 1 hand effect can be triggered

handpower = 1
soulpower = 5
multiplier = 20





CAPLATA/(BOKOR) - The Gede
Baron Samedi - 
Brav Gede - 
Baron Criminel - 

HRJHB
Ra



SHAMAN
Ukko
Tapio
Ahti

WIZARD




FORTUNETELLER




BRUJA




KITSUNEMOCHI





MIME




JESTER
















